In the last lecture, we added some code to change the styling of the input when the user did enter something
invalid
and maybe you wondered whether you could control when this is marked as invalid because right now, it
isn't at the start which is good
but if I type one character, it's marked as invalid.
Now you could argue that this also doesn't provide such a good user experience because it means that
we already show error message
once the user starts typing, even before he had a chance to enter a valid email address which simply
isn't done by typing one character.
Now of course you can control when this is invalidated,
we did use the @input event here to fire this $touch event, we don't have to use
@input here,
we could use @blur, this now would only fire once the input loses focus.
So now if we go back and reload this application, if I type one character,
it's still not red, only if I click out of there it's marked as red.
So this might be the user experience you maybe want to provide,
now you can keep on typing as long as you want
only if you leave this form with an invalid value,
you're showing this error message and your error styles.
So this is an alternative which I wanted to show you and it's not just blur,
it all comes down to when you call
$touch, you can call this whenever you want.
You could add a button which is not connected to this input which calls $touch for this email
property on $v,
you can call $touch whenever you feel that now is the right time to evaluate this input and
that again is totally up to you.
This is one of the cool features of the vuelidate package,
you got a lot of control over it,
you don't have to use the approaches shown here,
you can fine tune this to your needs to really validate and potentially show errors
at the point of time you do want to do that.